cautious
I'm a little uncomfortable
Can we go back?
If you want to save your father, go in
Mr. Lu is late
Three cups of self-punishment
I remember we were here to talk about collaboration
Instead of drinking
It's rare for Mr. Hu to bring a beautiful woman out for the first time
He is here to assist
With beautiful women
Cooperation is easy to say.
Go accompany Mr. Chen
Come hahaha
Have a drink!
Come quickly!
So responsible
Could it be Mr. Lu's little lover?
It's just that he doesn't deserve to combine with Mr. Chen
It's good if it's not
As long as this beautiful woman keeps me happy tonight
The land north of the city
He is Mr. Lu's
Yo beautiful woman, why are your hands so cold?
How about we go to the toilet and change clothes?
Hey
I Am Dangerous
wife
Oops, let's go play without seeing the boss's face
You misunderstood.
Hey, do you want to go there?
You can do it here.
Come on haha
scram
You fucking bitch
Ah don't give it to me
Oh, dear.